we think of barn owls as birds of dusk
and night haunters of the dark creatures
of the moon so to see them hunting by
day out here along the Essex seawall
startles me in daylight
they resemble apparitions the closest
thing to ghosts in the bird world
flying with a supernatural vigilance
to me they set the land over which they
move a light with wildness they passed
through the air these birds with the
Silence of falling snow
even a familiar landscape feels wild in
snow Edward Thomas an English poet whose
writing I loved knew this well Thomas
lived here in Epping Forest during the
winter months of 1916 to 1917 just
before he went off to fight on the
Western Front
- Thomas the forest in snow seemed even
more ancient and even less inhabited the
untrodden snow made wild of the tame he
wrote casting out all that was not wild
and rustic and old and we were glad we
had seen nothing fairer than that land
you